.TH man 8 "18 Oct, 2017" "ovirt-engine-hyper-upgrade man page"
.SH NAME
ovirt-engine-hyper-upgrade \- A tool to help users upgrade RHV Manager (RHVM)
.SH SYNOPSIS
ovirt-engine-hyper-upgrade.py [-h] [--backup] [--backup-dir BACKUP_DIR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBovirt-engine-hyper-upgrade\fP is a wrapper tool to automate RHV Manager upgrades.

First, the tool detects the current version of RHVM running on the system and check if there are updates
.br
available related to minor version detected. If there are updates available, update all ovirt-engine-*setup
.br
packages via yum and execute engine-setup to complete the update. After the update is completed, update the
.br
entire system via yum update command.

Second stage, all system is up to date, enable the new channels required for the next major release via
.br
subscription-manager and update all ovirt-engine-*setup packages. As soon the packages are updated,
.br
execute engine-setup to complete the major upgrade.

Final stage, as new channel were added into the system, execute, yum update, to have the system
.br
up to date and disable previous major versions related channels not required anymore.
.P

.TP
.B --backup
Execute engine-backup before the upgrade

.TP
.B --backup-dir
Directory where the engine-backup will save the backup file.
If not provided, it will use /tmp

.SH NOTE
The upgrades are \fBincremental\fP.
.br
Example: Systems running 4.0 version, require upgrade to 4.1 before upgrading to 4.2

.SH LOGGING
See \fB/var/log/ovirt-engine/engine-hyper-upgrade.log

.SH EXAMPLES
Upgrade through latest version, backup won't be created
.br
# ovirt-engine-hyper-upgrade
.br

Upgrade to version 4.1 creating a backup from engine, backup will be saved in /backup
.br
# ovirt-engine-hyper-upgrade --backup --backup-dir=/backup
.br

Upgrade only, backup won't created
.br
# ovirt-engine-hyper-upgrade
.br

.SH BUGS
Report bugs to <http://bugzilla.redhat.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2017 Red Hat, Inc.
